First version: docs (#54)
pi-top/pi-top-Python-SDK: docs/others/contributing.rst

=====================================================
Contributing
=====================================================

> Please, go to our repository's
> `Contributing Section <https://github.com/pi-top/pi-top-Python-SDK/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md>`_
> to learn how to contribute.

Author: ```suggestion
Contributions to the pi-top Python SDK are welcome!

To learn more about how to contribute effectively to this project, please check out our
`Contributing Guidelines <https://github.com/pi-top/pi-top-Python-SDK/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md>`_
```
